README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create Signup User Account
- Implement Sign In User API
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Signout feature
- Update profile
- Fetch from TMDB Movies
- Bugfix: Signup user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add Hardcoded values to the constants file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get data fromTMDB now playing movies lists API
- 


# Features
- Login/Signup Page
    - Sign In / Signup Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in Background
        - Title & discription
        - MovieSuggestions
            - Movielists ⭐ N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

Secondary Container with movie List && usePopularMovies

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create Signup User Account
- Implement Sign In User API
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Signout feature
- Update profile
- Fetch from TMDB Movies
- Bugfix: Signup user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add Hardcoded values to the constants file
- Register TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get data from TMDB now playing movies lists API
- Custom Hook for noe playing movies 
- Update the store with movies data
- Planning for main container and secondary container
- Fetch data for trailer video
- update store with trailer video data
- Embedded the youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awsome
- Build Secondary Component
- Build Movie List
- Build Movie Card
- TMDB Image CDN URL
- Made the Browse page amazing with Tailwing CSS
- usePopularMovies Custom hook


# Features
- Login/Signup Page
    - Sign In / Signup Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in Background
        - Title & discription
        - MovieSuggestions
            - Movielists ⭐ N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie Suggestions
